hello my name is Sammy and today we'll
be making a shrimp and scallop shish
kebabs a few ingredients or to be using
is the Worchester sauce some garlic
powder some butter some paprika some
lemons to make the marination sauce they
know we will be using scallops and
shrimp
make sure you devein the shrimp and kill
the shrimp and if they are frozen keep
them in the fridge overnight so that
they defrost also it'll be cheese sticks
I like to call them Irish Spears
um you put them in the water overnight
and so they don't burn on the grill
while you're cooking their stuff now
first we're going to make the marination
sauce and first you're going to put in a
half a cup of butter right in the bowl
later then we're going to put in 7
tablespoons of lemon juice freshly
squeezed and then we're going to put in
5 tablespoons of fish sauce there we go
very nice and then we're gonna put about
2 dashes of garlic salt you know if you
like more salt you can go ahead and add
that and about 1 National Park paprika
and the dash once you mix it you're
going to put it in the microwave for
about until the butter is melted maybe a
minute minute and a half take about one
third of the mix and set it aside for
basting whether shish kebabs on the
grill then you're going to put these
scallops and the shrimp in a sealable
bag so that they can marinate in there
by themselves so you're just going to
lift them all and put them in there and
when you marinate them that you have to
set them aside and mix them for about an
hour
when you set them aside for about an
hour and then mix
mix them and set them aside for about an
hour and there we go you're going to
Florida mix inside the bag don't spill
around after about an hour you
take them out of the fridge and then
it's time to Irish spear them the
favorite part and start with a lemon
wedge first but that's right on there
and then you're going to alternate the
shrimp and these scallops so you get
some nice and even so you're just going
to feel thinner than the whole hog on up
and that's about enough right should we
add one more we'll add one more shrimp
all right
how should people now you want to make
sure to this don't put them too close
together is if you put them too close
together they don't cook all the way
around
now the reason we put lemon wedges on
them is that when they're done cooking
you're going to stir them up on the
grill while they're hot and then you're
going to squeeze the lemon edge so that
the truth runs down the whole stick all
right that gives them the last-minute
flavor at them enough of that
well uncovered over medium hot heat for
about six minutes opening once brush
with reserved marinade the one we set
aside earlier real eight to ten minutes
longer until turn pink and I hope you
enjoyed their shrimp and scallop Shabab